Update get-help.md (#2622)
cap-js/docs: get-started/get-help.md

### How to fix "`Error: Could not locate the bindings file. Tried: ...`"

You probably have `ignore-scripts` set to `true` in your npm configuration. While this is generally a good idea, it prevents certain libraries, like `better-sqlite3`, from running a required postinstall script.

> To solve this, you can either _temporarily_ allow scripts and run a reinstall, or manually run the build script for the library in question. In the case of `better-sqlite3`, this would be running `npm run build-release` from within the _node_modules/better-sqlite3_ directory. The relevant _node_modules_ directory can be found in the first line after the error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You probably have `ignore-scripts` set to `true` in your npm configuration. While this is generally a good idea, it prevents certain libraries, like `better-sqlite3`, from running a required postinstall script. 
To solve this, you can either temporarily allow scripts and run a reinstall, or manually run the build script for the library in question. For `better-sqlite3`, run `npm run build-release` from within the _node_modules/better-sqlite3_ directory. The first line after the error message shows the relevant _node_modules_ directory.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if adding an example for the error message would help. I think it is clear, but it could help and also make it easier to scan what this is about.

Author: The error message is in the heading, so it should be searchable, I think. The following lines are pretty vacuous, verbose, and specific to the system the installation failed on:

```

Error: Could not locate the bindings file. Tried:
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/build/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/build/Debug/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/build/Release/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/out/Debug/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/Debug/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/out/Release/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/Release/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/build/default/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/compiled/24.15.0/linux/arm64/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/addon-build/release/install-root/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/addon-build/debug/install-root/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/addon-build/default/install-root/better_sqlite3.node
 → /home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/lib/binding/node-v137-linux-arm64/better_sqlite3.node
    at bindings (/home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/bindings/bindings.js:126:9)
    at new Database (/home/user/.npm-packages/lib/node_modules/@sap/cds-dk/node_modules/better-sqlite3/lib/database.js:48:64)
...
```

what do you think?

Reviewer: I was not sure how easy it is to identify the relevant _node_modules_ folder. But also this is pretty obvious. Let's keep it without an example.
